Migrate from npm to pnpm workspaces with catalogs (#43922)
Azure/azure-rest-api-specs: .github/instructions/typespec-project.instructions.md

1. Install the dependencies specified in the package.json at the root of this repository. Command:

```

> pnpm install --frozen-lockfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pnpm ci
```

```

> 2. `tsp-client` is installed as part of the dependencies specified at the root of this repository. To convert a swagger to typespec, run the following command: `pnpm tsp-client convert --swagger-readme <path to your readme>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `tsp-client` is installed as part of the dependencies specified at the root of this repository. To convert a swagger to typespec, run the following command: `pnpm exec tsp-client convert --swagger-readme <path to your readme>`
```

> 2. `tsp-client` is installed as part of the dependencies specified at the root of this repository. To convert a swagger to typespec, run the following command: `pnpm exec tsp-client convert --swagger-readme <path to your readme>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `tsp-client` is installed as part of the dependencies specified at the root of this repository. To convert a swagger to typespec, run the following command: `pnpx tsp-client convert --swagger-readme <path to your readme>`
```

Author: So I was actually wrong `pnpx` is not the same as `npx` it is a short for `pnpm dlx` which will only download a package, pnpm does have a stronger split between the 2 uses. However `pnpm <command>` just works

Reviewer: My understanding, in pnpm v11, the primary name for the command is now `pnx`.  `pnpx` and `pnpm dlx` are both listed as aliases, and I assume behave exactly the same, with the same cli args.  So the question is just which of the three aliases we should use in dev docs or scripts.

I lean towards `pnpx`, because it follows the pattern of prefixing `npm` and `npx` with `p`.  And `pnpx` has been supported for multiple releases, while `pnx` is new in v11.

But I could entertain an argument to go straight to `pnx`, if this is the likely canonical name going forward.

Reviewer: actually, the closest to `npx` is `pnpm exec`.

### Additional considerations

- DO ensure you pull in the latest `main` from the Azure/azure-rest-api-specs repo to stay up to date with latest dependencies

> - DO run `pnpm install --frozen-lockfile` to get a clean install of the package.json dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DO run `pnpm ci` to get a clean install of the package.json dependencies
```
